What is Jott.ly?
Jott.ly is the easiest way to Jott things down on all your devices. Quickly write your thoughts, ideas, notes, or lists, and sync them between all of your devices while also being able to collaborate with others, and in real-time. 
You can create documents and projects as simple or complex as you want. jott.ly works for everyday tasks, or for businesses and professionals who need a cloud-based solution for storing, sharing, and collaborating.
Whatever you situation, Jott.ly makes it easy.


Used:
Jott.ly is the easy way to Jott things down and collaborate in real-time with others. Jott a note, write a blog, capture a moment, or collaborate on a document.  
Whether you use Jott.ly for simple or complex tasks, Jott.ly is the easy way.


add ? :
Jott.ly can be used in a browser on any device, and with our dedicated mobile apps.
-add button link? : click below to see all of our available mobile apps.




How Does Jott.ly Work?
Jott.ly is sophisticated platform and service, but you don't need to worry about what happens behind the scenes unless you want to. Jott.ly keeps things simple on the surface so you can get whatever it is you're doing, done. 
Jott.ly let's you create any kind of document, on all of your devices, and then syncs your creations in the cloud so you can continue to work from anywhere, no matter where or when you started.
Jott.ly also let's you collaborate on your creations by syncing with any other Jott.ly user or users you choose, and in real-time. That means you and your collaborators can add or edit your projects together and see everything as it happens.

And Jott.ly has got your back, because it stores your creations in the cloud so you're always backed-up, safely and securely. Everything you put into Jott.ly is private, unless you choose to share it. 



Used:
Jott.ly saves and syncs your creations in the cloud so you can continue to work from anywhere, no matter where or when you started.
Jott.ly also let's you collaborate on your creations with others by syncing with any other Jott.ly user or users you choose, and in real-time. That means you and your collaborators can add or edit your projects together and see everything as it happens.
And Jott.ly has got your back, because since it stores your creations in the cloud, you're always backed-up safely and securely. Everything you put into Jott.ly is private, unless you choose to share it. 







Is right?
Jott.ly works for everyday tasks, or for businesses and professionals who need a cloud-based solution for storing, sharing, and collaborating.
Whatever you situation, Jott.ly has got you covered.

used:
Jott.ly works for everyday tasks, or for businesses and professionals.
Whatever you situation, Jott.ly has got you covered.





Jott.ly makes it easy to jot things down, make a list, capture a moment, or collaborate on a document. 


What is Jott.ly?
Using your tech to get things done doesn't need to be complicated. 
Jott.ly, in your browser or on your mobile devices, makes it easy to start and finish your ..., big or small. 

Jott.ly is the easy way to start and finish your tasks and projects. 


Jott.ly makes using technology to get things done doesn't need to be complicated. 


Using your tech to get things done doesn't need to be complicated. 



Jott.ly makes it easy to jot things down, make a list, capture a moment, or collaborate on a document. 


Jott.ly lets you collaborate  with other users by letting you share and sync with one another, and in real-time.


Jott.ly uses the cloud to keep your work safely backed up and in sync across all your devices. Your data stays private unless you choose to share it.




Jott.ly has an easy way for all the things you want to do.

 Jott.ly make what you do easier


Look at some of things you can do with Jott.ly

Jott.ly gives you an easy way to do the many things you want to do

Whatever your task, big or small, there's a Jott.ly way to do it. 

There's a Jott.ly 
Jott.ly works 

How will you use Jott.ly to do it easier?



